IBC architecture document (#70)
cosmos/ics: docs/ibc/README.md

> If you're looking for an overview of the IBC protocol, read the documents in numerical order.

Reviewer: Add `# Inter-Blockchain Communication Protocol (IBC)` before. 

+ maybe a short intro paragraph (like an abstract) before the following sentence "For an overview of the IBC protocol, read the following documents in numerical order.", as this will probably be the first point of contact with IBC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of the IBC protocol, read the following documents in numerical order.
```

Author: So added, so updated.
